# BranchProject
Submitting to Branch

--Environment used for Branch test Framework development:
Java - 1.8.0_172
MAVEN - 3.3.9  <Used the quick start profile in Maven for project creation>
SELENIUM WEBDRIVER - 3.12.0
TESTNG - 6.14.3
--------------------------
LOG4J2 - Logging by apache
log4j-api - 2.11.1
log4j-core - 2.11.1
--------------------------
SUREFIRE PLUGIN - Reporting by Surefire pluging for maven
maven-surefire-plugin - 2.22.0
--------------------------

--TestNg Class file which has all the tests:
BranchTest Class has three tests methods:
Test1() - Verify that number of employees match between All tab and sum of other tabs.
Test2() - Verify that employee names match between All tab and other tabs.
Test3() - Verify that employee departments are listed correctly between All tab and Department tabs.

Test Suite level parameters are set through the file: suiteParams.properties
-----------------------------------
baseUrl=https://www.google.com/
driver=chrome                                                            //options: chrome or firefox or IE
chromeDriverRootPath=C:\\work\\drivers\\chromedriver.exe                 //provide the driver.exe file location for the browser you want to run.
firefoxDriverRootPath=C:\\work\\drivers\\geckodriver.exe                 //provide the driver.exe file location for the browser you want to run.
IeDriverRootPath=C:\\work\\drivers\\MicrosoftWebDriver.exe               //provide the driver.exe file location for the browser you want to run.
suiteParamFile=suiteParams.properties
------------------------------------

Run the Maven framework file "BranchTest" either directly through eclipse or throught "mvn" commands "clean compile install".

Reports are generated by the sure-fire-plugin under the folder .target\surefire-reports\index.html

Also if you want the logs to be written to a file, edit the log4j2.xml file under the "resources" directory.
